Slide contents
1. Slide 1
- Team members
- Team name (if required)
- Team's project name (Gomoku (19x19) )

2. Slide 2
- Brief introduction about the game
- Features:
+ Basic game: client - server - client
	Initially, X goes first.
	When user place a move, client will send coordinate to server
	server will fwd this coordinate to the opponent
	After getting the coordinate, the opponent's client will display the move on the gameboard
	Then the previous player will wait for the second player to play the next move
	They will take turns 'til one of them has 5 in a row 
	or the board is filled
	Each turn will last for a certain time. If any of the player cannot place a move in
	time, he loses the game
	The server will play the role of the referee of the game. It will need to fwd
	all msg to the clients.
	If server is down, all clients will be disconnected from the match
	--- we have no protection mechanism for this case.

+ Ranking system: with register and login functions
	Register: in order to play and have their score recorded, players must register an account with: username, email, password
			If playing as a guest, their elo will not be recorded. They will be assigned
		a temporary name for playing the game
			
	Login: send username and password to the server. Server will authenticate the login information and returns if the login successes or fails
	
	Ranking system: Based on the status of the gameplay. Each won will give 10 pts. A draws gives no points, and a lose takes 5 points

	Matching mechanism: When a player gets in the game, he will have 2 choices: enter an empty room and wait/invite a components, or immediately enter a match. If he chooses to be randomed put into a match, the server will based on his own elo to find
	a proper opponent.

+ Other features/side features
	Chat: client - server - client
	Using the same mechanism with the game, but will send message instead of coordinate
	to the players.
	During the game, players can offer a draw or resign the game

	
